if you hate Fresno so much why did you
come back obviously because I've made a
series of poor life decisions I thought
you were like teaching at that
fancy-pants school it was but then I got
fired because I [ __ ] a bunch of people
my sister's back and I just let her stay
at my place got this job she's still
fragile I'm a sex addict that's a thing
I was like made up by Tiger Woods or
something like 100 100 dicks I think
you've ever been in loves I'm not good
with emotions really I've never been to
a wedding I went till one but it doesn't
really count because we eloped my life
is crazy you're a maid in Fresno
my sister's a liar she's selfish she's
ungrateful and she can't get her life
together did I just kill someone
is anyone here doctor you killed an
Olympian only if you consider hammer
throw a sport which you're a sociopath
he's a certain dignity have one deserves
some dignity we want 25 thousand to get
out of this butt crack there's no way we
can come up with 25k and every day we're
in Fresno I need you you come over here
right now and open this pride register
and I need all the cash now whose great
idea was it to rob a sex shop what a
stupid-ass idea
[Music]
[Applause]
you know who would have loved that Oprah
Winfrey [ __ ] Amerika
[Music]
siblings can really sink each other you
know big time
[Applause]
[Music]
watch a porn once in a while help most
of those movement slaves they put them
in a boxes ship no that's no those are
the manicures
you
[Music]